Terminology:
- Program
- Set
- Item
- Answer Widget
- Start Program
- Add Program
- Your Programs
- Unstarted Program
- Started Program
- Completed Program

A Program consists of zero or more Sets, which in turn consist of zero or
more Items. Each Item has zero or one Answer Widget. 

A Program, Set, and Item has a Statistics Hook, which means you can define
proper type of statistics for each (with sane defaults).

Use Case: Register
A guest enters information and becomes a user.
PRE: None
Main Flow:
1. The use case starts when the guest visits the register page.
2. The guest enters username, email-address, password
3. Optionally, guest enters sex, age, location.
4. While the information is incomplete
  4.1 The system asks the guest for the information again.
5. An email is send with a activation link.
6. The guest visits this link and becomes a user.
POST: Guest is now a user.
Alternate Flows:
6. The guest doesn't visit the activation link within a week.
7. The activation link expires.

Use Case: Login
A user gives his credentials and becomes logged in.
PRE: None
Main Flow:
1. The use case starts when the user visits the login page.
2. The user fills in his credentials.
3. While the credentials are false
   3.1 The system prompts the user for his credentials.
4. The right credentials are passed, the user gets logged in.
POST: The user is logged in.

Use Case: Choose existing Program
The User chooses a program to follow
Preconditions: The user is logged in.
Main Flow:
1. The use case starts when the user visits the 'programs' page.
2. The system shows all public programs
3. The user chooses a program
4. The program is added to Your Programs
POST: A new program is available to Your Programs.

Use Case: Create or Edit a Program
User creates or edits a Program.
PRE: User is logged in, and on the Your Programs page
Main Flow:
1. The use case starts when the user selects "Create Program" or "Fork Program"
2. If "Create Program"
   2.1 The user sees an empty program with one empty, unnamed set
3. If the user selects Add Item
   3.1 A new, empty item appears in the Set
4. If the user selects Add Set
   4.1 New, empty, unnamed set appears
5. The user can change all Program, Set, and Item properties on this page
6. The user clicks "Save"
POST: The edited program is now available

Use Case: Answer Item
User answers an item
PRE: User is logged in, viewing the home page
Main Flow:
1. User spots an interesting item in her feed
2. User provides neccesary details to the answer widget
3. Item disappears, answer is saved
POST: User is logged in viewing the home page with one item less

Use Case: View Statistics
The user views statistics about his/her completed programs
PRE: User is logged in, on the Your Programs page
Main Flow:
1. User selects one of the programs
2. On the Program Page, graphs and tables are shown for all answers
POST: User knows herself a little better
